USER MANUAL
SMK-37 PRO
PITCH MOD
K1 K2 K3 K4 K5 K6 K7 K8
OCTAVE+
FADER BANKKNOB BANK
OCTAVE- PARA FX SEQ SEQ PLAY SEQ REC
NOTE REPEAT SCALE CHORD GLOBE BTARP
PATCH
FADER1 FADER2 FADER3 FADER4
■ 37-key velocity-sensitive MIDI keyboard with a three-octave range and built-in 
DX-7 FM synth engine.
■ 1.54" display.
■ Pitch and modulation wheels
■ 16 RGB backlit pads with velocity and aftertouch support.
■ 4 faders, expandable to 8 using the fader bank button.
■ Eight 360-degree rotary encoders.
■ Built-in arpeggiator and note repeat function.
■ Built-in sequencer with support for saving 8 patterns
■ Internal Sound Source: This device features a built-in sound source with emulations of 
the classic Yamaha DX-7 FM synthesizer. The Yamaha DX-7, released in 1983, 
revolutionized digital synthesis with its use of frequency modulation (FM) synthesis, 
offering a wide range of complex and expressive sounds. Renowned for its electric pianos, 
bells, and evolving textures, the DX-7 remains a cornerstone in music history.Several 
parameters can be adjusted directly on the device, while other parameters can be 
adjusted through the USB MIDI output port. For detailed information, check page 7.
■ USB Connection : Plug the cable through the USB port to the Windows/Mac it will 
automatic be recognized as a midi device and a audio device, When plug into USB-C port 
the SMK-37 PRO will be charging at the same time； 
(Red light: charging, Green light: charging complete)
■ Audio Playback and Recording
For Playback , there are two options:When the patch function is enabled, you can use 
the keys and pads to trigger the internal sound source. The SMK-37 Pro also supports 
audio playback from the host. For added fun, you can play audio from the host while 
simultaneously enabling the built-in synth engine. There are two ways to play audio 
through the SMK-37 Pro:
   ●USB Connection:
When connected via USB to a PC/Mac, set the audio output device to "SMK-37 Pro." The 
audio will then play through the audio jack on the device.
ENFunction Overview
-01-
■SMK-37 PRO Midi Keyboard；
■USB connection cable；
■User manual；
Packing List EN
ENMaking The Connection
   ●Wireless Connection:
When searching for the device via BT, two options will appear in the list: one for audio 
playback ("SMK-37 Pro") and one for MIDI ("SMK-37 Pro_BLE"). Connect to "SMK-37 Pro" 
and set it as the audio output device in your system audio settings.
For recording, there are two options:
   ●Using USB: On Windows (PC), install a virtual ASIO driver and set the input device to 
SMK37 Pro in your recording software.
On macOS, use Core Audio (no additional drivers are required) and set the input device 
directly to SMK37 Pro. This will allow both recording and playback.
   ●Using an Audio Cable: Connect the audio cable to the appropriate input on your 
recording device and configure your recording software to use the audio input.
■ Wireless MIDI Connection:
Press and hold the BT button. When the light is flashing, the wireless function is activated. 
When the light stays on, the connection is successful. The wireless function is turned on by 
default. Once you connect to a host, it will automatically reconnect the next time. If you 
want to connect to a different host, please forget the device on the current host first.
■ Wireless MIDI Adapter: Plug Wireless Adapter B into Windows/Mac, connection was 
successfully when both lights stay on；
■ Direct MIDI Wireless: Activated BT function of Windows/Mac/ios/Android, Select 
SMK-37 PRO on the list (Windows users need BT 5.0 and extra BLE Midi Driver)；
■ MIDI OUT Connection:
   ●Cable Connection:  Use a 3.5mm to MIDI adapter to connect to an external device 
that support MIDI In.
   ●Wireless connection: Use Five-Pin wireless MIDI adapter A connecting to device such 
as synthesizer or other device that support MIDI IN;
ENMaking The Connection
Wireless adapter A Wireless adapter B
-02-
① Back of Device:
●Audio Output: 3.5mm audio output jack.
●MIDI Out Port: Use a 3.5mm to MIDI adapter to connect to an external device that 
support MIDI In.
●Power: Switch to turn on/off the midi keyboard;
●USB: USB-C Connection port;
●Sustain: 1/4 inch sustain pedal connection port;
② Pitch Wheel and Modulation Wheel
Pitch Wheel: Scroll the pitch wheel up and down to control the pitch bend, the center 
position is the original pitch of the sound, lift the finger up will release the sound to the 
original pitch;
Modulation Wheel: Scroll the modulation Wheel send continuous Midi CC message;
Note: (You can assign the Modulation wheel use the Midi Learn function of Daw)
③ Display area
The display area provides visual feedback for various device settings and modes.
ENPanel Introduction
-03-
①
PITCH MOD
K1 K2 K3 K4 K5 K6 K7 K8
OCTAVE+
FADER BANKKNOB BANK
OCTAVE- PARA FX SEQ SEQ PLAY SEQ REC
NOTE REPEAT SCALE CHORD GLOBE BTARP
PATCH
②
③ ④ ⑤ ⑦
⑧
⑥
FADER1 FADER2 FADER3 FADER4
ENLeft button area / Arp 
④ Button Area:
●Knob Bank: Press this button to switch control to knobs 9–16.
●Fader Bank: Press this button to switch control to faders 5–8.
●Pad Bank: Press both Knob Bank and Fader Bank buttons simultaneously to switch 
control to pads 17–32.
●Left Button: Sends custom MIDI messages or accesses specific functions described on 
the next page.
●Right Button: Sends custom MIDI messages or accesses specific functions described on 
the last page.
⑤Knobs: Eight assignable 360-degree rotary encoders. These knobs can send Aftertouch, 
MIDI CC, or pitch information, configurable through the MIDI SUITE software.
⑥Pads
Sixteen RGB back-lit pads with velocity-sensitive & aftertouch；
⑦Faders: Four assignable faders that can be used to control various parameters in your 
DAW or device software, such as volume, pan, or MIDI CC values.
You can customize the MIDI messages sent by the Faders/Knobs/Pads using the MIDI 
Suite software, available on all platforms.
-04-
⑧Button Area 2:
●ARP : 
Press the ARP button to enable the Arpeggiator function. 
The Arpeggiator automatically plays a sequence of notes 
based on the keys you hold. To adjust the arpeggiator 
parameters, press and hold the ARP button while 
rotating a knob. Alternatively, press and hold the ARP 
button while pressing specific keys to change the 
arpeggiator settings.
Arpeggiator
Mode-Up                  K1
Octave-3                  K2
Gate-35                    K3
Swing-55                 K4
Tempo-55               K5
Rate-55                     K6
Latch-off                  K7
ENArp
Modes: These determine the order in which the held notes are played:
   ●Up: Notes are played in ascending order, from the lowest to the highest pitch.
   ●Down: Notes are played in descending order, from the highest to the lowest pitch.
   ●Incl (Inclusive): Notes are played in ascending order and then back down, with the 
lowest and highest notes played twice, creating a mirrored effect.
   ●Excl (Exclusive): Similar to Inclusive, but the lowest and highest notes are only played 
once in the sequence.
   ●Random: Notes are played in a random order, creating unpredictable and interesting 
patterns.
   ●Order: Notes are played in the precise order in which you press them.
   ●Repeat: Held notes and pads will repeat continuously, creating a sustained, rhythmic 
texture.
Parameters: These settings allow you to further shape the arpeggio's sound and feel.
   ●Octave: This setting expands the arpeggio across multiple octaves. For example, a 
setting of "1" will play the held notes in the original octave and one octave higher.
   ●Gate: Controls the length of each arpeggiated note. Higher values result in longer, 
more sustained notes, while lower values create shorter, staccato notes.
   ●Swing: Adds a rhythmic "groove" to the arpeggio by slightly delaying certain notes. 
Higher swing values create a more pronounced, syncopated feel.
   ●Tempo: Sets the overall speed of the arpeggio, measured in beats per minute (BPM). 
The range is typically from 30 to 300 BPM.
   ●Rate: Determines the rhythmic division of the arpeggio, relative to the tempo. 
Common values include 1/4 notes, 1/8 notes, 1/16 notes, and their triplet equivalents 
(indicated by "T," e.g., 1/4T). This allows you to create arpeggios with different rhythmic 
complexities.
   ●Latch: When enabled, the arpeggiator continues to play even after you release the 
keys. This is useful for creating sustained arpeggios without having to hold down the keys. 
Note: With Latch activated, pressing the Arp button will not deactivate the arpeggiator; 
you must first disable Latch.
-05-
ENNote Repeat/Scale
   ●Tempo: Set the tempo for the note repeat function.
   ●Rate: Set the time division for note repeats based on the tempo (e.g., 1/4, 1/4T, 1/8, 
1/8T, 1/16, 1/16T, 1/32, or 1/32T).
   ●Latch: When enabled, the repeated notes will continue playing even after you lift your 
fingers from the pads.
(Note: If latch is on, pressing the Note Repeat button will not exit the note repeat 
function. You must turn off the latch before exiting.)
Scale:
   
●Base: Set the base note of the scale.
   ●Scale Type: Select the scale type from the following options: Major, Minor, Dorian, 
Lydian, Major Pentatonic, Minor Pentatonic, or World Scales 1–5.
When the scale is set (e.g., to C Major), all notes within the scale will appear in blue on the 
screen. If you press a note outside the scale, it will automatically be corrected to a note 
within the scale, and the incorrect note will appear in grey.
Note Repeat:  Note Repeat triggers repeated notes 
while holding a pad
   
●Gate: Adjust the length of each repeated note. 
Larger values result in longer note durations.
   
●Swing: Add rhythmic variation to the repeated 
notes. Higher swing values create a groovier feel.
-06-
Note Repeat
Gate-35                    K1
Swing-55                 K2
Tempo-55               K3
Rate-55                     K4
Latch-off                  K5
Scale
Base-C                      K1
Scale-Major           K2
Key c Major
F2
Channel-1
ENChord/Globe
Chord: 
   ●Chord: Choose the basic chord quality, such as Major, Minor, 
Diminished, or Augmented.
   
●Type: Add chord extensions to create more complex 
harmonies, such as Triad (basic three-note chord), 7th 
(four-note chord), 9th, 11th, or 13th (extended chords).
Globe Menu:
Access the Globe menu by holding the Globe button. While holding the Globe button:
●Knob 1: Switch between presets 1–8.
(You can edit the parameters for Knobs, Pads, and Faders, and save them as custom 
settings in the presets using the MIDI Suite software for PC/Mac/Android/iOS.)
●Knob 2: Change the key channel (range: 1–16).
(Alternatively, hold the Globe button and press the corresponding channel number printed 
above the keys.)
●Knob 3: Change the pad channel (range: 1–16).
(Alternatively, hold the Globe button and press the corresponding pad number, 1–16.)
●Knob 4: Adjust the key velocity curve. A setting of 4 results in full velocity, meaning each 
key press triggers at maximum velocity.
●Knob 5: Adjust the pad velocity curve (functions similarly to the key velocity curve).
●Knob 6: Toggle pad aftertouch on or off.
(When enabled, holding a pad sends continuous aftertouch MIDI messages.)
●Knob 7: Switch the sustain pedal function between Sustain and Expression.
(In expression mode, the pedal sends custom continuous MIDI messages, with detailed 
parameters editable via the MIDI Suite software.)
●Globe Button + Right Button: Hold the Globe button and press the Right button to 
access the next page, which includes factory reset.
-07-
Globe
Rest Factory         K8
Chord
Chord-Maj              K1
Type-Triad             K2
Globe
Preset-1                   K1
Key Chn-1               K2
Pad Chn-10           K3
Key Vel-2                 K4
Pad Vel-2                K5
Pad Aft-on              K6
Pedal-SUS              K7
ENPatch/Para
(When the Patch button is unpressed, the audio output port will not produce any sound.)
●Feedback: Adjust feedback to allow an operator to modulate itself, producing richer 
harmonic content or more distorted sounds.
●Mono/Poly: Switch between monophonic (one note at a time) or polyphonic (multiple 
notes simultaneously) playback modes.
●Volume: Control the overall volume output of the device.
●Latch: When turned on, it will latch the screen to this page, so it won't vanish after 
releasing the button. 
Patch:
The device includes four banks of built-in presets. To select 
presets within each bank, hold the Patch button and rotate 
knobs 1–4.
You can also import custom presets using the MIDI Suite 
software for Windows/Mac or by directly sending the preset 
files through the USB MIDI port using other software. When 
importing presets, use knobs 1–4 to select the desired save 
slot on the device.
●Latch: When turned on, it will latch the screen to this page, so it won't vanish after 
releasing the button. This allows browsing the presets while playing.
PARA: Set some base parameters of build-in dx 7 engine , 
these can be save to the current presets , 
●Algorithm: Choose from 32 algorithms that define how the 
internal operators interact (modulate each other or output 
sound). Each algorithm dramatically alters the tonal 
structure, providing a wide range of FM sounds.
-08-
PARA
Algorithm-32       K1
Feedback-56        K2
Mono/Poly             K3
Volume-12              K4
Latch-Off                K5
Preset Name
BANK A                    K1
BANK B                     K2
BANK C                    K3
BANK D                    K4
Latch-Off               K5
SAVE                        K8
ENFx/Sequencer
●Reverb: Control the dry/wet mix of the reverb effect to add depth and space to the 
sound.
●Delay: Control the dry/wet mix of the delay effect to create echoes and rhythmic 
patterns.
●Latch: When turned on, it will latch the screen to this page, so it won't vanish after 
releasing the button. 
Sequencer: The sequencer allows you to create and play back note patterns step-by-step 
or in real time, with up to 64 steps and customizable parameters like Swing, Gate, and 
Tempo.
(Note: When Arp and Note Repeat are enabled, the sequencer cannot be activated.
Entering the Sequencer:
Press the Seq button to enter the sequencer. Press and hold the Seq button for additional 
options.
Pattern:
The SMK-37 Pro supports saving up to 8 patterns directly on the device. Any edits made 
to a pattern are automatically saved to the current pattern slot.
Modes:
The sequencer includes three modes: Key Mode, Drum Mode, and Live Mode.
FX: add some effects to the sound to rich the sound , these 
paramters can also save into the presets . 
●Cutoff: Adjust the cutoff frequency of the low-pass filter to 
shape the tonal balance of the sound.
●Distortion: Control the dry/wet mix of the distortion effect 
to add harmonic saturation or a more aggressive tone.
-09-
Sequencer
Pattern-1                 K1
Mode-Drum           K2
Step-16                   K3
Gate-50                   K4
Swing-50                K5
Tempo-120             K6
Rate-1/4                   K7
Sequencer
SAVE                        K7
Clean Pattern      K8
FX
Cut off-0                K1
Distortion-0          K2
Reverb-0                K3
Delay-0                     K4
Latch-Off                K5
ENSequencer
Key Mode:
In Key Mode, the 16 pads function as 16 steps. There are two ways to record notes in 
this mode:
1.Manual Recording:
Hold a pad to select the step, then press the desired keys to record them into that step.
To remove a recorded key, press it again while the step is selected.
The yellow rectangle represents the current step number. Use the Left and Right arrow 
buttons to navigate between different pages of steps.
2.Automatic Step Recording:
Press the Seq Rec button to enable recording (the button will start flashing).
While in recording mode, every key you press will automatically be recorded into the 
current step, and the sequencer will advance to the next step.you can also record multiple 
keys simultaneously into a single step.
Extending Step Duration:
To make a step last across multiple steps,press and hold the start step and the end step 
simultaneously,then press the desired key to record it across the selected range of steps.
Drum Mode:
In Drum Mode, the 16 pads function as 16 tracks, each used to trigger a different drum 
sound.
  ●Selecting a Track:
Press a pad once to select the track you want to trigger.
Press the same pad again to enter the track editor for that specific drum sound.
  ●Editing Notes in a Drum Track:
Within the track editor, you can edit notes across up to 64 steps.
The screen will display the step sequence for the selected track.
-10-
PAD-1
Clear Step                   K1
C0
C1
C2
  ●Switching Between Tracks:
To re-enter a different track, hold the Seq button and press another pad to select a 
different drum track.
Press the pad again to enter the track editor for the selected track.
  ●Assigning MIDI Notes for Each Drum Track:
To assign MIDI messages to each pad, use the MIDI Suite software for Windows/Mac. This 
allows you to customize the MIDI note for each drum track.
Live Mode
Live Mode allows for real-time recording of MIDI notes with more precise time divisions, 
making it ideal for capturing dynamic performances and intricate rhythms. This mode is 
designed to give you flexibility in creating expressive and complex patterns on the fly.
In Live Mode, the sequencer captures notes as you play them, with each note being 
recorded in real-time rather than assigned to fixed steps. This enables a more fluid and 
natural workflow compared to traditional step sequencing.
Step:Determines how many steps the sequencer will play in a loop, with a maximum of 64 
steps.
More steps allow for longer patterns, while fewer steps result in shorter, repeating loops.
Gate:Sets the length of each note.
A higher gate value results in longer note durations, while a lower value creates shorter, 
more staccato notes.
Swing: Adds a rhythmic deviation to the notes, creating a "groovy" or "humanized" feel.The 
higher the swing value, the more the timing of certain notes will shift, giving your 
sequences a less robotic and more organic quality.
Tempo: Sets the playback speed of the sequencer, measured in beats per minute 
(BPM).Adjusting the tempo affects the overall pacing of your sequence. This is especially 
useful for synchronizing with external devices or matching the desired song speed.
Rate: Determines the time division of the arpeggiator or note playback relative to the 
tempo.Available divisions include: 1/4, 1/4T, 1/8, 1/8T, 1/16, 1/16T, 1/32, and 1/32T.
These divisions let you create anything from slow, deliberate patterns to fast, intricate 
arpeggios or rhythms.
Clear the Current Pattern Slot: To clear the current pattern slot: Press and hold the Seq 
button and press the Right button.Navigate to the Clear Pattern Parameters.Rotate the 
knob and press the Reset Key (printed on the last C note) to clear the current pattern.
SAVE: Manually save the current sequencer pattern.
ENSequencer
-11-
ENTechnology Parameters
-12-
ENMIDI Connection Method
Our device is a class-compliant device, which means when using a USB cable, it won't 
need any driver. Software that supports MIDI will automatically recognize the device.
Wireless for Windows: Download and install the BT MIDI Connector from the QR code 
below to use our devices wirelessly (Requires Windows 10 or later).
Wireless for Mac:
1.Open the Audio MIDI Setup
2.Open MIDI Studio
3.Click the BT icon
4.Find the device and click 'Connect'
Wireless for iOS/Android: For iOS/Android devices, it requires software that supports 
BLE MIDI. Connect the SMK-37 PRO within software like GarageBand, FL Studio Mobile, 
or Cubasis LE.
Midi suite for windows Midi suite for mac Bt Midi Connector 
Product Dimensions
Product Weight 
Keys
Pads
Knobs
4 faders
Endurance time
Touch Stripes
Output
Power
Battery Model/Type 
Battery Nominal Voltage
Battery capacity
458mm(L) x 181mm (W)x 50mm(H)
1.1Kg 
37 velocity-sensitive keys
16 RGB Back-Lit Pads with velocity-sensitive and after touch
8 assignable endless 360 degree encoders
4 assignable slide potentiometers
10 hours
Physical pitch bend control & Modulation control
1/4 inch Sustain pedal connection port
USB-C port
Wireless MIDI connection with Windows/Mac/ios/Android
3.5mm audio output jack 
3.5mm Midi Out jack 
Battery supplied or USB-bus-powered
704060
3.7V
2000mAh
★Changes or modifications not expressly approved by the party responsible for 
compliance could void the user’s authority to operate the equipment. This equipment has 
been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to 
Part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection 
against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates uses 
and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with 
the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there 
is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment 
does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined 
by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the 
interference by one or more of the following measures:
‐‐ Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna.
‐‐ Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver.
‐‐ Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the 
receiver is connected.
‐‐ Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help.
FCC Radiation Exposure Statement  
The device has been evaluated to meet general RF exposure requirement. The device can 
be used in portable exposure condition without restriction.
This device complies with Part 15 of the FCC Rules. Operation is subject to the following 
two conditions:
(1)This device may not cause harmful interference.
(2)This device must accept any interference received, including interference that may 
cause undesired operation.
ENFCC Warning Statement
-13-
■ 37 键力度感应 MIDI 键盘，具有三个八度音程范围。
■ 1.54 英寸显示屏。
■ 实体音高和调制轮。
■ 16 个 RGB 背光打击垫，支持力度和触后。
■ 4 个推子，使用推子库按钮可扩展到 8 个。
■ 八个 360 度旋转编码器。
■ 内置琶音器和音符重复功能。
■ 内置音序器，支持保存 8 组预制。
■ 内置音源：该设备具有内置音源（合成器引擎），可仿真经典的 Yamaha DX-7 FM 合成
器。 Yamaha DX-7 于 1983 年发布，通过使用频率调制 (FM) 合成彻底改变了数字合成，提供
了广泛的复杂而富有表现力的声音。 以其电子钢琴及其他电子音色而闻名，DX-7 仍然是音乐
史上的基石几个参数可以直接在设备上调整，而其他参数可以通过 USB MIDI 输入端口进行调
整。 有关详细信息，请查看第 7 页。
CN功能概述
-01-
■SMK-37 PRO MIDI 键盘
■USB 连接线
■用户手册
包装清单 CN
■ USB 连接：将电缆插入 Windows/Mac 的 USB 端口，它将自动识别为 MIDI 设备和音频设
备。 使用USB接口连接时，SMK-37 PRO 将同时充电；（红灯：充电中，绿灯：充电完成）
■ 音频播放和录制
播放功能：当启用Patch功能时，可以使用按键和打击垫来触发内置音源。SMK-37 Pro 同时支
持从主机播放音频的功能。为了增加乐趣，你可以同时播放主机音频并启用内置合成器引擎进
行演奏。通过 SMK-37 Pro 播放音频有两种方式：
   ●USB 连接：通过 USB 连接到 PC/Mac 时，将音频输出设备设置为“SMK-37 Pro”。音频将
通过设备的音频接口输出。
CN连接
   ●无线连接：通过BT搜索设备时，列表中会出现两个选项：一个用于音频播放（“SMK-37 
Pro”），另一个用于 MIDI（“SMK-37 Pro_BLE”）。连接“SMK-37 Pro”后，在系统音频设置中
将其设置为音频输出设备。
用于录制，有两种选择： 
   ●使用 USB：在 Windows (PC) 上，安装一个虚拟 ASIO 驱动程序，并将输入设备设置为 
SMK37 Pro 在您的录音软件中。在 macOS 上，使用 Core Audio（无需额外驱动程序），并
将输入设备直接设置为 SMK37 Pro。这将允许录制和播放。
   ●使用音频线： 将音频线连接到录音设备上的相应输入，并配置您的录音软件以使用音频输
入。
■ 无线 MIDI 连接：按住 BT 按钮。当指示灯闪烁时，无线功能被激活。当指示灯常亮时，连
接成功。无线功能默认开启。一旦您连接到主机，下次将自动重新连接。如果您想连接到不同
的主机，请先忽略当前主机上的设备。
■ 无线 MIDI 适配器：
将无线适配器 B 插入 Windows/Mac，当两个指示灯都常亮时，连接成功。
■ 直接 MIDI 无线：
激活 Windows/Mac/iOS/Android 的 BT 功能，在列表中选择 SMK-37 PRO（Windows 用户需
要支持 BT 5.0 和额外的 BLE Midi 驱动程序）；
■ MIDI OUT 连接： 
   ●有线连接：使用 3.5 毫米转 MIDI 适配器连接到支持 MIDI In 的外部设备。
   ●无线连接：使用五针无线 MIDI 适配器 A 连接到合成器或其他支持 MIDI IN 的设备；
CN连接
Wireless adapter A Wireless adapter B
-02-
① 设备背面：
●音频输出：3.5mm 音频输出插孔。
●MIDI 输出端口：使用 3.5mm 转 MIDI 适配器连接到支持 MIDI In 的外部设备。
●电源：用于打开/关闭 MIDI 键盘的开关；
●USB：USB-C 连接端口；
●延音：6.5毫米延音踏板连接端口；
② 音高轮和调制轮
●音高轮： 向上和向下滚动音高调制轮以控制音高弯音，中心位置是声音的原始音高，抬起手
指将使声音恢复到原始音高；
●调制轮： 滚动调制轮发送连续的 MIDI CC 消息；
注意：（您可以分配调制轮的功能使用 DAW 的 MIDI Learn 功能）
③ 显示区域
显示区域为各种设置和模式调节提供视觉反馈。
CN面板介绍
-03-
①
PITCH MOD
K1 K2 K3 K4 K5 K6 K7 K8
OCTAVE+
FADER BANKKNOB BANK
OCTAVE- PARA FX SEQ SEQ PLAY SEQ REC
NOTE REPEAT SCALE CHORD GLOBE BTARP
PATCH
②
③ ④ ⑤ ⑦
⑧
⑥
FADER1 FADER2 FADER3 FADER4
CN左侧按钮区域 / 琶音器 (Arp)
④ 按钮区域：
●旋钮库 (Knob Bank)： 按下此按钮可将控制切换到旋钮 9-16。
●推子库 (Fader Bank)： 按下此按钮可将控制切换到推子 5-8。
●打击垫库 (Pad Bank)： 同时按下旋钮库(Knob Bank)和推子库 (Fader Bank)按钮可将控制
切换到打击垫 17–32。
●左按钮 (Left Button)： 发送自定义 MIDI 消息或在特定的功能中翻页。
●右按钮 (Right Button)： 发送自定义 MIDI 消息或在特定的功能中翻页。
⑤ 旋钮 (Knobs)： 八个可分配的 360 度旋转编码器。这些旋钮可以发送触后、MIDI CC 或
Pitch码，可以通过 MIDI SUITE 软件进行配置。
⑥ 打击垫 (Pads)： 十六个 RGB 背光打击垫，具有力度感应和触后功能；
⑦ 推子 (Faders)： 四个可分配的推子，可用于控制 DAW 或设备软件中的各种参数，例如音
量、声像或 MIDI CC 值。
您可以使用 MIDI Suite 软件自定义推子/旋钮/打击垫发送的 MIDI 消息，该软件可在所有平台
上使用，（或在DAW软件中MIDI Learn, 具体使用因不同DAW而不同请查阅对应DAW使用教
程）
-04-
⑧ 按钮区域 2：
●琶音 (ARP)：按下 ARP 按钮以启用琶音器功能。琶音器
会根据您按住的琴键自动播放一系列音符。要调整琶音器参
数，请在旋转旋钮的同时按住 ARP 按钮。或者，按住 ARP 
按钮，同时按下特定琴键以更改琶音器设置。
Arpeggiator
Mode-Up                  K1
Octave-3                  K2
Gate-35                    K3
Swing-55                 K4
Tempo-55               K5
Rate-55                     K6
Latch-off                  K7
CN琶音器 (Arp)
模式 (Modes)：这些决定了按住的音符的播放顺序：
   ●上行 (Up)：音符按升序播放，从最低音高到最高音高。
   ●下行 (Down)：音符按降序播放，从最高音高到最低音高。
   ●包含 (Incl (Inclusive))：音符按升序播放，然后下降，最低和最高音符播放两次，从而产
生镜像效果。
   ●排除 (Excl (Exclusive))：类似于包含，但最低和最高音符仅在序列中播放一次。
   ●随机 (Random)：音符按随机顺序播放，产生不可预测和有趣的模式。
   ●顺序 (Order)：音符按您按下的精确顺序播放。
   ●重复 (Repeat)：按住的音符和打击垫将连续重复，从而产生持续的、有节奏的纹理。
其余参数： 这些设置允许您进一步塑造琶音的声音和感觉.
   ●八度 (Octave)：此设置将琶音扩展到多个八度。例如，设置为“1”将在原始八度和高一个
八度音阶上播放按住的音符。
   ●门限 (Gate)：控制每个琶音音符的长度。较高的值会产生更长、更持续的音符，而较低的
值会产生更短、断奏的音符。
   ●摇摆 (Swing)：通过稍微延迟某些音符，为琶音添加有节奏的“律动”。较高的摇摆值会产
生更明显、切分的感觉。
   ●速度 (Tempo)：设置琶音的整体速度，以每分钟节拍数 (BPM) 衡量。范围通常为 30 到 
300 BPM。
   ●速率 (Rate)：确定琶音相对于速度的有节奏的划分。常用值包括 1/4 音符、1/8 音符、
1/16 音符及其三连音等效值（用“T”表示，例如 1/4T）。这使您可以创建具有不同节奏复杂性
的琶音。
   ●锁定 (Latch)：启用后，即使在您释放琴键后，琶音器也会继续播放。这对于创建持续的
琶音而无需按住琴键非常有用。
注意：启用锁定后，按下 Arp 按钮不会停用琶音器；您必须先禁用锁定。
-05-
CN音符重复/音阶 (Note Repeat/Scale)
   ●速度 (Tempo)：设置音符重复功能的速度。
   ●速率 (Rate)： 根据速度设置音符重复的时间划分（例如，1/4、1/4T、1/8、1/8T、
1/16、1/16T、1/32 或 1/32T）。
   ●锁定 (Latch)：启用后，即使您将手指从打击垫上抬起，重复的音符也会继续播放。
（注意：如果锁定已开启，则按下音符重复按钮不会退出音符重复功能。您必须先关闭锁定才
能退出。）
音阶 (Scale)：
   
●根音 (Base)：设置音阶的根音。
   ●音阶类型 (Scale Type)：从以下选项中选择音阶类型：大调(Major)、小调(Minor)、多里安
(Dorian)、利底亚(Lydian)、大调五声音阶(Major Pentatonic)、小调五声音阶(Minor 
Pentatonic)或世界音阶 1-5。
设置音阶后（例如，C 大调），音阶内的所有音符都将以蓝色显示在屏幕上。如果您按下音阶
外的音符，它将自动更正为音阶内的音符，并且错误的音符将以灰色显示。
音符重复 (Note Repeat)：音符重复会在按住打击垫的同
时触发重复的音符
   ●门限 (Gate)：调整每个重复音符的长度。较大的值会
导致更长的音符持续时间。
   ●摇摆 (Swing)：为重复的音符添加有节奏的变化。较
高的摇摆值会产生更流畅的感觉。
-06-
Note Repeat
Gate-35                    K1
Swing-55                 K2
Tempo-55               K3
Rate-55                     K4
Latch-off                  K5
Scale
Base-C                      K1
Scale-Major           K2
Key c Major
F2
Channel-1
CN和弦/全局 (Chord/Globe)
和弦 (Chord)：
   ●和弦 (Chord)：选择基本的和弦性质，例如大调、小调、减和
弦或增和弦。
   
●类型 (Type)：添加和弦扩展以创建更复杂的和声，例如三和弦
（基本的三音符和弦）、7th（四音符和弦）、9th、11th 或 13th
（扩展和弦）。
Globe 菜单：
按住 Globe 按钮访问 Globe 菜单。在按住 Globe 按钮的同时：
●旋钮 1 (Knob 1)：在预设 1-8 之间切换。
（您可以使用 MIDI Suite 软件为 PC/Mac/Android/iOS 编辑旋钮、打击垫和推子的参数，并将
它们保存为自定义设置。）
●旋钮 2 (Knob 2)：更改琴键通道（范围：1-16）。
（或者，按住 Globe 按钮并按下琴键上方打印的相应通道号。）
●旋钮 3 (Knob 3)：更改打击垫通道（范围：1-16）。
（或者，按住 Globe 按钮并按下相应的打击垫编号，1-16。）
●旋钮 4 (Knob 4)：调整琴键力度曲线。设置为 4 意味满力度，这意味着每个琴键按下都会
以最大力度触发。
●旋钮 5 (Knob 5)：调整打击垫力度曲线（功能类似于琴键力度曲线）。
●旋钮 6 (Knob 6)：切换打击垫触后开启或关闭。
（启用后，按住打击垫会发送连续的触后 MIDI 消息。）
●旋钮 7 (Knob 7)： 在延音和表情之间切换延音踏板功能。
（在表情模式下，踏板会发送自定义的连续 MIDI 消息，详细参数可通过 MIDI Suite 软件编
辑。）
●Globe 按钮 + 右按钮 (Right Button)：按住 Globe 按钮并按下右按钮以访问下一页，其中
包括出厂设置重置。
-07-
Globe
Rest Factory         K8
Chord
Chord-Maj              K1
Type-Triad             K2
Globe
Preset-1                   K1
Key Chn-1               K2
Pad Chn-10           K3
Key Vel-2                 K4
Pad Vel-2                K5
Pad Aft-on              K6
Pedal-SUS              K7
CN音色/参数 (Patch/Para)
（当 Patch 按钮未按下时，音频输出端口不会产生任何声音。）
●Feedback (反馈)： 调整反馈以允许运算符自我调制，从而产生更丰富的谐波内容或更失真
的声音。
●Mono/Poly (单音/复音)： 在单音（一次一个音符）或复音（同时多个音符）播放模式之间
切换。
●Volume (音量)： 控制设备的整体音量输出。
●Latch：开启后，它会将屏幕固定在当前页面，因此即使释放按钮，页面也不会消失。
Patch (音色)：
该设备包括四个内置预设库。要选择每个库中的预设，请按住 
Patch 按钮并旋转旋钮 1-4。
您还可以使用适用于 Windows/Mac 的 MIDI Suite 软件或通过
使用其他软件直接通过 USB MIDI 端口发送预设文件来导入自定
义预设。导入预设时，使用旋钮 1-4 选择所需的保存槽。
●Latch：开启后，它会将屏幕固定在当前页面，因此即使释放
按钮，页面也不会消失，可以在演奏时浏览预设。
PARA： 设置内置 dx 7 引擎的一些基本参数，这些参数可以保
存到当前预设中。
●Algorithm (算法)： 从 32 种算法中选择，这些算法定义了内
部运算符如何交互（相互调制或其他输出声音）。每种算法都
会极大地改变音调结构，从而提供范围广泛的 FM 声音。
-08-
PARA
Algorithm-32       K1
Feedback-56        K2
Mono/Poly             K3
Volume-12              K4
Latch-Off                K5
Preset Name
BANK A                    K1
BANK B                     K2
BANK C                    K3
BANK D                    K4
Latch-Off               K5
SAVE                        K8
CN效果器/音序器 (Fx/Sequencer)
●Reverb (混响)： 控制混响效果的干/湿混合，以增加声音的深度和空间感。
●Delay (延迟)： 控制延迟效果的干/湿混合，以创建回声和节奏模式。
●Latch：开启后，它会将屏幕固定在当前页面，因此即使释放按钮，页面也不会消失。
Sequencer (音序器)
音序器：音序器允许您逐步或实时地创建和回放音符模式，最多 64 步，以及可自定义的参
数，如摇摆、门限和速度。
（注意：当 Arp 和音符重复启用时，音序器无法激活。）
进入音序器：
按下 Seq 按钮进入音序器。按住 Seq 按钮可获得更多选项。
模式：
SMK-37 Pro 支持直接在设备上保存多达 8 组预制。对预制所做的任何编辑都会自动保存到当
前模式插槽。
模式：
音序器包括三种模式：琴键模式、鼓模式和实时模式。
FX： 添加一些效果来丰富声音，这些参数也可以保存到预设
中。
●Cutoff (截止)： 调整低通滤波器的截止频率以塑造声音的音
调平衡。
●Distortion (失真)： 控制失真效果的干/湿混合，以添加谐波
饱和度或更具侵略性的音调。
-09-
Sequencer
Pattern-1                 K1
Mode-Drum           K2
Step-16                   K3
Gate-50                   K4
Swing-50                K5
Tempo-120             K6
Rate-1/4                   K7
Sequencer
SAVE                        K7
Clean Pattern      K8
FX
Cut off-0                K1
Distortion-0          K2
Reverb-0                K3
Delay-0                     K4
Latch-Off                K5
CN音序器 (Sequencer)
琴键模式：
在琴键模式下，16 个打击垫用作 16 步。在这种模式下有两种记录音符的方式：
1. 手动录音：
按住一个打击垫以选择步，然后按下所需的琴键以将它们录制到该步中。要移除录制的琴键，
请在选择该步时再次按下它。黄色矩形表示当前步数。使用向左和向右箭头按钮在不同的步数
页面之间导航。
2. 自动步进录音：
按下 Seq Rec 按钮以启用录音（该按钮将开始闪烁）。
在录音模式下，您按下的每个琴键都会自动录制到当前步中，并且音序器将前进到下一步。您
还可以同时将多个琴键录制到单个步中。
延长步长持续时间：
要使步长持续多个步长，请同时按住起始步长和结束步长，然后按下所需的琴键以将其录制到
所选的步长范围内。
鼓模式：
在鼓模式下，16 个打击垫用作 16 个音轨，每个音轨用于触发不同的鼓声。
选择音轨：
  ●按下一个打击垫一次以选择要触发的音轨。
在鼓音轨中编辑音符：
  ●在音轨编辑器中，您可以编辑多达 64 步的音符。屏幕将显示所选音轨的步序。
-10-
PAD-1
Clear Step                   K1
C0
C1
C2
  ●在音轨之间切换：
要重新进入不同的音轨，请按住 Seq 按钮并按下另一个打击垫以选择不同的鼓音轨。
再次按下打击垫以进入所选音轨的音轨编辑器。
  ●为每个鼓音轨分配 MIDI 音符：
要为每个打击垫分配 MIDI 消息，请使用适用于 Windows/Mac 的 MIDI Suite 软件。这允许您
自定义每个鼓音轨的 MIDI 音符。
实时模式：
实时模式允许实时录制具有更精确时间划分的 MIDI 音符，使其非常适合捕捉动态演奏和复杂
的节奏。此模式旨在让您灵活地即时创建富有表现力和复杂的模式。在实时模式下，音序器会
捕捉您演奏的音符，每个音符都以实时方式录制，而不是分配给固定的步数。与传统的步进音
序相比，这实现了更流畅和自然的流程。
步数： 确定音序器将在循环中播放多少步数，最多 64 步。
更多的步数允许更长的模式，而更少的步数导致更短的重复循环。
门限： 设置每个音符的长度。
较高的门限值会导致更长的音符持续时间，而较低的值会创建更短、更断音的音符。
摇摆： 为音符添加节奏偏差，创造一种“流畅”或“人性化”的感觉。摇摆值越高，某些音符的定
时偏移越多，从而使您的序列不那么机械化，更具有机品质。
速度： 设置音序器的播放速度，以每分钟节拍数 (BPM) 为单位进行测量。调整速度会影响序
列的整体节奏。这对于同步外部设备或匹配所需的歌曲速度特别有用。
速率： 确定琶音器或音符播放相对于速度的时间划分。可用的划分包括：1/4、1/4T、1/8、
1/8T、1/16、1/16T、1/32 和 1/32T。这些划分让您可以创建从慢速、慎重的模式到快速、复
杂的琶音或节奏的任何内容。
清除当前模式插槽： 要清除当前模式插槽：按住 Seq 按钮并按下右按钮。导航到清除模式参
数。旋转旋钮并按下重置键（印在最后一个 C 音符上）以清除当前模式。
SAVE：手动保存当前的音序器序列。
CN音序器 (Sequencer)
-11-
CN技术参数
-12-
CNMIDI连接方式
我们的设备是一个符合类别规范的设备，这意味着使用USB线缆时，不需要任何驱动程序。
支持MIDI的软件将自动识别该设备。
Windows无线连接：从下方的二维码下载并安装BT MIDI Connector，以无线方式使用我们
的设备（需要Windows 10或更高版本）。
Mac无线连接：
1.打开音频MIDI设置
2.打开MIDI工作室
3.点击BT图标
4.找到设备并点击"连接"
iOS/Android无线连接：对于iOS/Android设备，需要支持BLE MIDI的软件。在
GarageBand、FL Studio Mobile或Cubasis LE等软件中连接SMK-37 PRO。
Midi suite for windows Midi suite for mac Bt Midi Connector 
产品尺寸
产品重量
琴键
鼓垫
旋钮
推子
续航时间
滑条触摸
输出
电源
电池型号规格
电池标称电压
电池额定容量   
修订
458mm(L) x 181mm (W)x 50mm(H)
1.1Kg
37键力度感应琴键
16个RGB背光支持力度感应和触后的打击垫
8个可分配的360度旋转旋钮
4个可分配的滑动电位器
10小时
实体弯音滑条和Modulation滑条
6.35mm延音\表情踏板接口
USB-C型接口
无线MIDI连接Windows/Mac/ios/Android
3.5mm音频输出接口
3.5mm MIDI OUT 接口
电池供电或USB供电
704060
3.7V
2000mAh
20250731